请写作一个科普教育，写出MCI患者的日常生活。这篇文章的叙述是从：
人物-早期征兆-临床诊断-近期的医学热点-主人翁该怎么办-结尾


#第一段：主人翁的背景
关于主人翁的背景，请参考“素材A”
虽然素材A是英文，请写成中文。确保文字数量足够，文章不要太短。

#第二段：早期征兆
关于期征兆，请参考“素材A”。
虽然素材A是英文，请写成中文。确保文字数量足够，文章不要太短。
叙述中要陈述家人（他太太）的感受。


#第三段：临床诊断
关于患者的诊断过程，请参考“素材A”
虽然素材A是英文，请写成中文。确保文字数量足够，文章不要太短。

#第四段：近期的医学热点（根据“素材1”）
这段素材请取出自以下的英文（“素材1”），写出以下重点

1）donanemab的困难：为何FDA要暂停审核的过程，什么是ARIA？
2）lecanemab vs donanemab, 为何lecanemab比较安全？
3）为什么专家看好lecanemab

#第五段：为何大家看好lecanemab(根据“素材2”）
这段素材请取出自以下的英文（“素材2”），写出以下重点
1）AD药物的市场前景
2）lecanemab领先部署，占领先机

#第六段：主人翁该怎么办？

这一段说明为何这个故事的主人翁应该重视早治疗，以下是说明“早治疗，早获益”：

轻度认知功能障碍（MCI）被认为是阿尔茨海默病（AD）的一个前期阶段，因此及早治疗MCI具有重要意义，主要原因如下：

延缓疾病进展： 早期干预可以有助于延缓MCI向AD等痴呆疾病的进展。一些研究表明，通过药物治疗、认知训练、生活方式干预等手段，可以减缓MCI患者认知功能下降的速度，提高生活质量。

增加治疗机会： 早期治疗可以使患者更有可能从治疗中获益。一些药物治疗在疾病早期可能更有效，但随着疾病的进展，药物的疗效可能会降低。

提高生活质量： 通过及早治疗，可以改善患者的生活质量。认知功能的改善可以使患者更独立地生活，减少对他人的依赖，并维持社交、家庭和工作功能。

降低疾病风险： 一些早期治疗方法可能有助于减少MCI转变为AD的风险。例如，一些生活方式干预措施，如规律的体育锻炼、健康饮食和认知训练，可能有助于减缓疾病的进展。

因此，早期治疗MCI有助于提高患者的生活质量，延缓疾病的进展，并为患者提供更多的治疗机会，有助于降低患者未来发展成AD的风险。


#第六段：结尾
阿尔茨海默病并非无解

阿尔茨海默病是一个医学难题，但并非没有能够有效控制病情的治疗方法——由于AD复杂的疾病机制及长期和复杂性的临床试验,「疾病修饰治疗」即DMT（Disease-Modifying Therapy）的出现「具有跨时代的意义」，其核心在于其对疾病发病机制进行干预，而不仅仅是缓解症状或对症状进行管理。


AD最主要的发病机制为大脑中出现产生过多的β-淀粉样蛋白（Amyloid Beta，Aβ），清除能力降低，继而这些异常的蛋白沉积形成「斑块」，导致神经细胞死亡、影响神经信号传导。DMT的原理之一即靶向消除这些「斑块」，从源头解决问题。

#素材A：主人故事
For years Bob worried something was wrong with his memory. He expressed this worry to his family physician, who told him memory loss is a normal part of aging. “All these years that I’ve known that something was going on in my brain, I can see a curve,” said Bob. “It’s always been a pretty steady curve going slowly downhill.”

Bob’s steady decline was not just normal aging. It was a symptom of mild cognitive impairment (MCI), a diagnosis characterized by measurable deficits in cognition that, although challenging, do not cause disability. For some patients, MCI may be the earliest sign of Alzheimer’s disease, and patients with MCI may eventually develop dementia.1 Along with 11 other MCI patients from the University of Pennsylvania’s Memory Center, Bob participated in a 2015 photo-elicitation project, for which patients were given cameras and asked to photograph images of a “typical day” living with MCI.2

Participants then discussed with our team the aspects of their everyday life that frustrate, facilitate, or challenge their memory. The participants, and sometimes their caregivers, welcomed the photo project as an opportunity to discuss how MCI has changed their lives, influencing their most intimate relationships, their daily social interactions, their ways of coping with everyday stressors, and, ultimately, their sense of self and what they value most in their lives.

Patients’ photographs served to expand the conversation between patients and our team at the Penn Memory Center, offering insight into patients’ lives outside the walls of the clinic.3 Those conversations allowed clinicians and research staff to further evaluate patients’ functional status, creating opportunities for support regarding how best to handle the “new normal” of lives lived with MCI. Often, participants offered profound commentary about the challenges of being patients—of relying increasingly on clinicians, family members, and friends for assistance in navigating quotidian demands once handled without conscious thought or effort. The patients’ stories and photographs captured elements of both loss and resilience.

#素材1：
Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's treatment, donanemab, suffered a setback early this month when the Food and Drug Administration said it would hold an advisory committee meeting to discuss the drug.

The FDA had been expected to make its approval decision in the first quarter. The delay was bad news for Eli Lilly whose stock slipped the day the delay was announced. Analysts say the delay will give Biogen and its partner, Eisai (ESAIY), more time to further entrench their already approved drug, Leqembi, as the standard of care. Shares of the two companies rallied.


Biogen and Eisai, as well as Swiss pharma behemoth Roche (RHHBY), are working on under-the-skin shots for Alzheimer's treatment. These updated formulas could offer an easier proposition for Alzheimer's patients. Many patients are older and struggle to travel long distances to infusion centers. Lilly is also testing a next-generation shot, but is farther behind Biogen and Eisai.


Meanwhile, new competitors are eying the market, including Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (ALNY), Alector Therapeutics (ALEC) and Novo Nordisk (NVO).

The next round of Alzheimer's treatments could prove more effective and individualized. Experts say companies are shifting their focus, taking an oncologylike tact to the neurodegenerative disease. New drugs will use a precision medicine lens to treat each patient's own unique biology.

Exciting Time In Fight Against Alzheimer's Disease
That's why, despite the expected regulatory and other hurdles, experts say it's an exciting time to be in the Alzheimer's treatment space.

Heather M. Snyder, vice president of medical and scientific relations for the Alzheimer's Association, says there is "unprecedented diversity in Phase 3 clinical trials" for Alzheimer's treatments.

"Eventually, this will mean more treatment options that provide more time with their memory and thinking skills intact," she said in an email to Investor's Business Daily. "That means more time for independence, family and friends, and fully participating in daily life."

But all of this comes as Eli Lilly faces its second high-profile setback for donanemab in about a year.

Comparing Alzheimer's Disease Treatments
Leqembi and donanemab target a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease: built-up plaque in the brain called amyloid beta.

Over 18 months, patients who received donanemab had a 29% slower decline in cognition than those who received a placebo. On the same scale, Leqembi slowed cognitive decline by 27%.

But Eli Lilly's donanemab targets a different form of the protein. As a result, the drug clears amyloid beta at a faster clip than Leqembi.

But this increases the risk of swelling in the brain known as amyloid-related imaging abnormalities, or ARIA. It also means Lilly has had to propose stopping donanemab dosing after patients' brains are clear of beta amyloid. Leqembi, on the other hand, is a chronic treatment.

ARIA typically doesn't cause symptoms and passes. But it can be serious or deadly for some people. In an Eli Lilly study pitting donanemab against a placebo, three people who received the Alzheimer's treatment died. There were no deaths in Biogen and Eisai's placebo-controlled study of Leqembi. In a later study, three people died. All patients in that study received the drug.

Different Dosing For Donanemab
The FDA will likely ask its advisors to consider the ARIA risks and different dosing schedule for Eli Lilly's donanemab, Piper Sandler analyst Christopher Raymond said in a report. He noted the FDA originally rejected an accelerated approval for donanemab, saying not enough patients in the Phase 2 study had received the drug long enough.

"Bottom line — given FDA's struggles with donanemab's long-term safety and meaningfully higher ARIA rates, we are not surprised FDA wants to take a closer look at this drug before approving, but believe — ultimately — it will be approved."

The FDA has yet to set a date for the advisory committee meeting. Anne White, Lilly's executive vice president and president of Lilly Neuroscience remained confident in the "very meaningful benefits" that donanemab could have for people with early, symptomatic Alzheimer's disease.

"It was unexpected to learn the FDA will convene an advisory committee at this stage in the review process, but we look forward to the opportunity to further present the TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 results and put donanemab's strong efficacy in the context of safety," she said in a statement.

TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 was the final-phase study of donanemab.

#素材2：
A $13.7 Billion Market By 2030
Analysts aren't giving any of the companies much credit for their Alzheimer's treatments.

The Street projects just $136 million in Leqembi sales for Biogen this year, according to FactSet. In 2029, they expect sales to hit $2.35 billion. Likewise, analysts expect donanemab to generate $185 million in sales for Lilly this year. By 2029, they project $2.17 billion in donanemab sales.

Still, that would account for a handsome chunk of the overall Alzheimer's treatment market. Grand View Research expects the market to be worth $15.19 billion by 2030. That will come as new companies make their moves into the market with approaches beyond amyloid beta-targeting drugs.

The amyloid beta-targeting drugs are a marked advancement for the Alzheimer's treatment space, says Prothena (PRTA) Chief Executive Gene Kinney. These are the first drugs to target an underlying cause of Alzheimer's disease, rather than merely seeking to improve the symptoms.

There are many genes associated with Alzheimer's disease, but the only causal genes are related to the amyloid beta pathway, he told IBD.

"Amyloid beta has a critical role," he said. "Is it the only target in Alzheimer's disease? No. Of course not. That's where additional research is needed to really elucidate the relative contributions of these different systems."

Alzheimer's Treatments Beyond Amyloid Beta
Prothena is working on several Alzheimer's treatments.

One targets amyloid beta. Another in partnership with Bristol Myers Squibb (BMY) focuses on tau, a second protein tied to Alzheimer's disease. The FDA has also given Prothena the go-ahead to begin testing a vaccine that would block both amyloid beta and tau.

Eventually, CEO Kinney says the future of Alzheimer's treatment will look more like cancer. There will be more precise, targeted drugs. Patients will receive treatment in earlier and earlier stages, before they've started developing symptoms. There will be combination approaches that take into account each patient's own biology and genetics.

The question of whether amyloid beta has an impact on Alzheimer's disease is settled.

"I think the question that remains now is how do we move the field forward and do even better?" he said.

6.5 Million People In The U.S.
But there are 6.5 million people in the U.S. with Alzheimer's disease and north of 50 million people globally have dementia.

So the odds of one drug class working equally for everyone is relatively low. And the risk of ARIA could be too high for some patients. Patients with a specific mutation in the APOE4 gene and those taking certain medicines, for example, have a higher risk of swelling in the brain with amyloid beta-targeting drugs.

Other approaches will focus on inflammation, gene-editing and new proteins like tau, says Snyder, of the Alzheimer's Association.

INmune Bio (INMN), for example, is testing an Alzheimer's treatment that acts on TNF, the same inflammatory cytokine targeted by anti-inflammatory drugs like AbbVie's (ABBV) Humira. Unlike arthritis and Crohn's disease, INmune is looking at TNF in the brain.

Novo Nordisk is also testing its weight-loss drug in Alzheimer's disease. The thinking there is that obesity causes widespread inflammation that could be tied to the neurodegenerative condition.

Alector Therapeutics (ALEC) believes targeting a protein called PGRN could offer another avenue for treating Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. High levels of PGRN have proven effective in animal testing to protect against these conditions, the company says on its website. Alector is partnered with GSK (GSK) on this effort.

And Alnylam and Biogen are working on a gene-silencing approaches to the condition. The former is under a partnership with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN).

These approaches "could represent the next wave of innovation in the space along with others in the field," William Blair analyst Myles Minter said in a recent report.